RHDEVDOCS-5266: Adding a link for steps to add admin username and password… (#71605)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-argo-cd-installation.adoc

To manage cluster configurations or deploy applications, you can install and deploy a new Argo CD instance.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.

> 

Author: Fixed.

> 

Reviewer: Oh I just noticed that I have been tagged to that Jira yesterday for review as well :smile: Thank you for the clarification!
@Dhruv-Soni11 I apologize if some of my review comments here overlap with the above-linked issue. You can ignore those. Thank you!

> 

Author: Fixed.

> 

Author: Fixed, ignoring the changes mentioned in this comment as the other JIRA ticket would be including all the changes.

.. Create an external OS Route to access Argo CD server. Click *Server* -> *Route* and check *Enabled*.  

> . To open the Argo CD web UI, click the route by navigating to *Networking* -> *Routes* -> *<instance name>-server* in the project where the Argo CD instance is installed.

Reviewer: We can maybe add the step like this?:
```suggestion
. Go to *Networking* -> *Routes* -> *<instance_name>-server* in the project where the Argo CD instance is installed.

. On the *Details* tab, click the Argo CD web UI link under *Route details* -> *Location*. The Argo CD web UI opens in a separate browser window.
```

> . To open the Argo CD web UI, click the route by navigating to *Networking* -> *Routes* -> *<instance name>-server* in the project where the Argo CD instance is installed.

Author: Fixed.

> . To open the Argo CD web UI, click the route by navigating to *Networking* -> *Routes* -> *<instance name>-server* in the project where the Argo CD instance is installed.

Reviewer: Hello @Dhruv-Soni11 It might have been easy to overlook, but I wanted to address the missing step I highlight in the last two comments:
```
. On the *Details* tab, click the Argo CD web UI link under *Route details* -> *Location*. The Argo CD web UI opens in a separate browser window.
```
Thank you!

+
[NOTE]
====

> To be a user of the `cluster-admins` group, use the `oc adm groups new cluster-admins <user>` command, where `<user>` is the default cluster role that you can bind to users and groups cluster-wide or locally. 

Author: Fixed.

> To be a user of the `cluster-admins` group, use the `oc adm groups new cluster-admins <user>` command, where `<user>` is the default cluster role that you can bind to users and groups cluster-wide or locally. 

Reviewer: Hello @Dhruv-Soni11 thank you for adding the missing context! Could you please also address the part I mention in the comment above about the `<user>` parameter? Thank you!

**Copy of the comment:**

This note confuses me a little bit.
Because we explain: `<user> is the default role that you can bind to users and groups...`

We explain this in the OCP docs: 
[oc adm groups new](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/cli_reference/openshift_cli/administrator-cli-commands.html#oc-adm-groups-new)
It explains that <user> variable adds a user to the group, not the role.

Am I missing some understanding here? Because as I understand it, "user" and "role" have different meanings.

> To be a user of the `cluster-admins` group, use the `oc adm groups new cluster-admins <user>` command, where `<user>` is the default cluster role that you can bind to users and groups cluster-wide or locally. 

Reviewer 2: @eromanova97 Yes, please refer to this slack thread: https://redhat-internal.slack.com/archives/C048WUV584F/p1709305166148199?thread_ts=1709277793.271369&cid=C048WUV584F and read till the end for a complete understanding.  So IMO, we can retain the sentence as is. Thank you!

> To be a user of the `cluster-admins` group, use the `oc adm groups new cluster-admins <user>` command, where `<user>` is the default cluster role that you can bind to users and groups cluster-wide or locally. 

Reviewer: Thank you @Dhruv-Soni11 for looking into this and thank you @Srivaralakshmi for your insight! Let's keep the note as it is :smile_cat:

====

> . To log in with your username and password, obtain the password for the Argo CD instance:

Author: Fixed.

> .. In the left panel of the console, use the perspective switcher to switch to the *Developer* perspective.

Reviewer 3: This should be viewed in **Administrator** perspective

Author: Fixed.

> .. Use the left navigation panel to navigate to the *Workloads* -> *Secrets* page.

Author: Fixed.

> .. Use the *Project* drop-down list and select the namespace of the Argo CD instance.

Author: Fixed.

> .. Select the *<argo_CD_instance_name>-cluster* instance to display the password.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Select the *<Argo_CD_instance_name>-cluster* instance to display the password.
```

Author: Fixed.

> .. Copy the password.

Author: Fixed.

> .. Use the *Project* drop-down list and select the name of the Argo CD instance, <Argo_CD_instance_name>, in the `openshift-gitops` project.
> .. Use the left navigation panel to navigate to the *Secrets* page.
> .. Select the *openshift-gitops-cluster* instance to display the password.
> .. Copy the password.

Reviewer 3: Is this meant for a user defined ArgoCD or the default openshift-gitops instance? In any case I think the better way would be something like this:

```suggestion
.. Use the left navigation panel to navigate to the *Secrets* page.
.. Use the *Project* drop-down list and select the namespace of the Argo CD instance
.. Select the *<Argo_CD_instance_name>-cluster* instance to display the password.
.. Copy the password.
```

Author: As far as I know it is for user defined additional Argo CD instances. Please validate the changes.

Author: Also, should this term <Argo_CD_instance_name>-cluster be <Argo_CD_instance_name-cluster> instead, @varshab1210??

Reviewer 3: No, **-cluster** is not a variable

> . Use this password and `admin` as the username to log in to the Argo CD UI in the new window.

Author: Fixed.

> . Use this password and `admin` as the username to log in to the Argo CD UI in the new window.

Reviewer 3: Is there a description provided for accessing the route for ArgoCD server UI? 

Please provide the preview page

Author: I am unsure about the description for accessing the route @varshab1210. Could you please elaborate a bit more on this? 

Preview page: https://71605--docspreview.netlify.app/openshift-gitops/latest/argocd_instance/setting-up-argocd-instance

Reviewer 3: I see it in the preview page
https://71605--docspreview.netlify.app/openshift-gitops/latest/argocd_instance/setting-up-argocd-instance#gitops-argo-cd-installation_setting-up-argocd-instance
6th step

.. Create an external OS Route to access Argo CD server. Click *Server* -> *Route* and check *Enabled*.  

.. Optional: You can also configure YAML for creating an external OS Route by adding the following configuration:
+
[source,terminal]
----
spec:
  server:
    route:
      enabled: true

> ----

Author: Fixed.

. Go to *Networking* -> *Routes* -> *<instance_name>-server* in the project where the Argo CD instance is installed.

> 

Author: Fixed.
